[Doc] added the ILM pattern note (#971)
logstash-plugins/logstash-output-elasticsearch: docs/index.asciidoc

NOTE: The pattern must finish with a dash and a number that will be automatically incremented when indices rollover.

> NOTE: The patter number is a string zero-padded 6 digits wide, see {ref}/indices-rollover-index.html#rollover-index-api-path-params[Rollover path parameters API docs] for details

Reviewer: *pattern

Author: Thanks @pujithkurunji to point it out, fixed :-)

> NOTE: The pattern number is a string zero-padded 6 digits wide, see {ref}/indices-rollover-index.html#rollover-index-api-path-params[Rollover path parameters API docs] for details

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: The pattern is a 6-digit string padded by zeros, regardless of prior index name. Example: 000001.
See {ref}/indices-rollover-index.html#rollover-index-api-path-params[Rollover path parameters API docs] for details.
```
